DEVLOG.md, before:

02/13/2024

12:04 PM

Alright time to myself again finally and fresh brain

Going to rework this so it's a separately-named instance and I can use it

- [ ] api
- [ ] front end

12:10 PM

Ugh... it's boring and tedious work but it will be done

12:18 PM

Hmm... I'm almost tempted to call them projects but too late

12:44 PM

I'm not going to sink too much time into this, I just want a separate entity and that's mostly on the DB side and some minor front end changes

1:04 PM

Alright looks like I have everything in a working state, this is all I'll put into this for now gotta go back to reality (me being poor)

There isn't a way to remove stuff from the sidebar, I should do that real quick

Then again idk... it makes sense from an organizational standpoint but I also would like to remember or be reminded of what I was thinking about/working on in the past

Like it would be cool to see how you change over decades (depressing thought) I know how I've changed, from a dumb cringe jackass to slightly less

---

02/02/2024

7:37 PM

I really need to get this done... I want to use it but the only one I have working is the freelance version which has the wrong context/wording

Otherwise the freelancer journal app has been working great, contentEditable has been nice

drag photos in (need to add resize at some point)

I also was thinking about hosting the files locally/replacing the base64 with a hyperlink, it's not hard to do... but what I have is working...

just use a massive datatype lmao

9:18 PM

I can't do this now. My free time has been devoted to this medical "startup" what makes a startup, a startup?

Does it have cash flow? Anyway working on it

But I will as my "for me/fun" project I will get this done/working on a separate instance/db

01/26/2024

5:51 AM

Damn it I got sick AGAIN!!!

Working in a place that has thousands of people... I guess it is bound to happen.

The issue is, you need to get a medical note to get a LOA/be able to afford it... or you lose your points and you get fired... yeah sucks to be poor.

Anyway I really like the freelancer-journal interface... it's content editable and it has drag-drop image support (like a blog editor)

The code was written with "freelancer/client" terms unfortunately so I have to strip all of that out

Commit message:

fix not opening sidebar multi

DEVLOG.md, after:

02/13/2024

12:04 PM

Alright time to myself again finally and fresh brain

Going to rework this so it's a separately-named instance and I can use it

- [ ] api
- [ ] front end

12:10 PM

Ugh... it's boring and tedious work but it will be done

12:18 PM

Hmm... I'm almost tempted to call them projects but too late

12:44 PM

I'm not going to sink too much time into this, I just want a separate entity and that's mostly on the DB side and some minor front end changes

1:04 PM

Alright looks like I have everything in a working state, this is all I'll put into this for now gotta go back to reality (me being poor)

There isn't a way to remove stuff from the sidebar, I should do that real quick

Then again idk... it makes sense from an organizational standpoint but I also would like to remember or be reminded of what I was thinking about/working on in the past

Like it would be cool to see how you change over decades (depressing thought) I know how I've changed, from a dumb cringe jackass to slightly less

4:44 PM

Saw an error, won't open sidebar stuff you click, empty payload

There's also a bug present on OG, after you make an entry the left search bar can't be interacted with unless you open developer tools so weird

Maybe it's stuck in a refresh loop or something

5:11 PM

It's when there are multiple entries and you're switching between them

---

02/02/2024

7:37 PM

I really need to get this done... I want to use it but the only one I have working is the freelance version which has the wrong context/wording

Otherwise the freelancer journal app has been working great, contentEditable has been nice

drag photos in (need to add resize at some point)

I also was thinking about hosting the files locally/replacing the base64 with a hyperlink, it's not hard to do... but what I have is working...

just use a massive datatype lmao

9:18 PM

I can't do this now. My free time has been devoted to this medical "startup" what makes a startup, a startup?

Does it have cash flow? Anyway working on it

But I will as my "for me/fun" project I will get this done/working on a separate instance/db

01/26/2024

5:51 AM

Damn it I got sick AGAIN!!!

Working in a place that has thousands of people... I guess it is bound to happen.

The issue is, you need to get a medical note to get a LOA/be able to afford it... or you lose your points and you get fired... yeah sucks to be poor.

Anyway I really like the freelancer-journal interface... it's content editable and it has drag-drop image support (like a blog editor)

The code was written with "freelancer/client" terms unfortunately so I have to strip all of that out
